'I wish it need not have happened in my time,' said Frodo. 'So do I,' said Gandalf, 'and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.'~Tolkien
Contemplating the depths of God’s judgments, the same Antony inquired: 'Lord, how is it that some die after a short life while others grow very old? Why are some in penury and others affluent? How do the wicked become affluent while the righteous are impoverished? 'A voice came to him that said: 'Antony, pay attention to yourself, for these are the judgments of God and it is not to your advantage for you to learn about them.'~Antony 2 
Abba Antony said to Abba Poemen: 'This is the great task of a person: personally to take responsibility for his own shortcoming in the presence of God and to expect temptation until his last breath.'~Antony 4 
Abba Pambo asked Abba Antony: 'What am I to do?' The elder said to him: 'Have no confidence in your righteousness; have no regrets about a past action; get control of your tongue and your belly.'~Antony 6 
The same [elder] said: 'Always have the fear of God before your eyes. Remember him who gives death and life [1 Sam 2.6]. Hate the world and all that is in it. Hate all physical repose. Renounce this life so you may live for God. Remember what you promised to God, for he will be looking for it from you on the Day of Judgment. Be hungry and thirsty, endure nakedness, keep watch; sorrow, weep, and groan in your hearts. Examine whether you are worthy of God. Despise the flesh in order to save your souls.'~Antony 33  
The demons once set upon Abba Arsenius in his cell and were afflicting him. When those who were looking after him came by and were standing outside his cell, they heard him crying out to God, saying: 'O God, do not abandon me! I have done no good thing in your sight but, of your kindness, grant me to make a start.'~Arsenius 3  
A brother asked Abba Arsenius if he could hear a saying from him. The elder said to him: 'As much as you are able, strive so that what goes on inside you be godly and you conquer your external passions.'~Arsenius 9  
He also said: 'If we seek for God, he will appear to us and, if we hold him fast, he will remain with us.'~Arsenius 10  
Rule your mind or it will rule you.~Horace
Great acts are made up of small deeds.~Lao Tzu
Those who multitask are doing nothing fast.~John Hargrave
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it--but all that had gone before~Jacob Riis
a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.~Tyrion Lannister
Do you know who you are? Do you know what has happened to your? Do you want to live this way?~Cristina Yang
[R]apidity doesn't have a precise relation to intelligence. What is important is to deeply understand things and their relations to each other. This is where intelligence lies. The fact of being quick or slow isn't really relevant. Naturally, it's helpful to be quick, like it is to have a good memory. But it's neither necessary nor sufficient for intellectual success.~Laurent Schwartz, French Mathematician
Focus is how you knit the hours of the day together. With focus, the day becomes a beautiful tapestry. Without focus, you end up holding a bundle of loose string.~James Clear 
You don't need to worry about progressing slowly. You need to worry about climbing the wrong mountain.~James Clear
If I'm taking action, putting in my reps, and trying things out, then I should remain patient and see what opportunities arise. But if I'm not taking action consistently, then I'm not practicing patience. I'm just waiting.~James Clear
By far the dominant reason for not releasing sooner was a reluctance to trade the dream of success for the reality of feedback.~Kent Beck
Compassion eliminates ego.~Unknown
The book of nature is written in mathematics.~Fracis Bacon
The present sucks but it's the only place you can live.~Dr. K
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner!~Jesus Prayer
Pay attention carefully. After the sin comes the shame, courage follows repentance. Did you pay attention to what I said? Satan upsets the order, he gives the courage to sin and the shame to repentance~St. John Chrysostom 
You can ignore your weaknesses, but you can't expect them to not impact you. The weakness of the coach shapes the players. The weakness of the teacher influences the students. The weakness of the parent molds the child.~James Clear
Don't wait to start writing until you have something to say. Start writing so you can find out what you have to say. Your first idea is rarely your best idea. It can take a lot of reps before you discover something worth keeping.~James Clear
Stay Still~Misery Maximization Maxim
Screw with Your Sleep~Misery Maximization Maxim
Maximize Screen-time~Misery Maximization Maxim
Stoke negative feelings~Misery Maximization Maxim
Have VAPID (Vague, Amorphous, Pie in the Sky, Irrelevant, Delayed) Goals~Misery Maximization Maxim
Pursue Happiness Directly~Misery Maximization Maxim
Follow Your Instincts~Misery Maximization Maxim
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.~Albert Camut
The first minute of action is worth more than a year of perfect planning.~James Clear
A child has no trouble believing the unbelievable, nor does the genius or the madman. It's only you and I, with our big brains and our tiny hearts, who doubt and overthink and hesitate.~Steven Pressfield, Do the Work
The only intercourse possible between the dragon and the knight is battle.~Steven Pressfield, Do the Work
ASD, Depression, and Anxiety must be trouble to overcome and handle. They are never to be badges of victimhood.~cpustejovsky
Every sun casts a show, and a genius's shadow is Resistance. As powerful as is our soul's call to realization, so potent are the forces of Resistance arrayed against it.~Steven Pressfield, the War of Art
The present hour in which you live, the person you meet here and now, and the task you are doing at this moment are the most important issues in your life.~Paul Evdokimov
Orthodox theology must be the inspiration for movements of love, peace, service, non-discrimination, alleviating injustice, and caring for the environment—not influenced by movements of a merely human nature.~His Eminence Saba
If some people become prayer—that is, pure prayer that transcends all measures of the criteria of this world—then they transform the universe by their mere presence, by their mere existence.~Olivier Clement
In order to be creative one must first gain control of the medium.~Gerald J. Sussman
There are all kinds of cheat codes lying around, but they usually look boring. People will routinely ignore things that already work for the hope of a slightly easier path. The cheat code is the work you're avoiding.~James Clear
Be always with Christ and trust God in everything.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Pray as you can, not as you think you must.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Have a keepable rule of prayer done by discipline.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Say the Lord's Prayer several times each day.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Repeat a short prayer when your mind is not occupied.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Make some prostrations when you pray.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Eat good foods in moderation and fast on fasting days.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Practice silence, inner and outer.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Sit in silence 20 to 30 minutes each day.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Do acts of mercy in secret.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Go to liturgical services regularly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Go to confession and holy communion regularly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Do not engage intrusive thoughts and feelings.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Reveal all your thoughts and feelings to a trusted person regularly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Read the scriptures regularly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Read good books, a little at a time.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Cultivate communion with the saints.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be an ordinary person, one of the human race.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be polite with everyone, first of all family members.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Maintain cleanliness and order in your home.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Have a healthy, wholesome hobby.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Exercise regularly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Live a day, even a part of a day, at a time.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be totally honest, first of all with yourself.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be faithful in little things.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Do your work, then forget it.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Do the most difficult and painful things first.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Face reality.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be grateful.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be cheerful.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be simple, hidden, quiet and small.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Never bring attention to yourself.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Listen when people talk to you.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be awake and attentive, fully present where you are.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Think and talk about things no more than necessary.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Speak simply, clearly, firmly, directly.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Flee imagination, fantasy, analysis, figuring things out.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Flee carnal, sexual things at their first appearance.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't complain, grumble, murmur or whine.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't seek or expect pity or praise.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't compare yourself with anyone.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't judge anyone for anything.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't try to convince anyone of anything.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Don't defend or justify yourself.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be defined and bound by God, not people.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Accept criticism gracefully and test it carefully.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Give advice only when asked or when it is your duty.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Do nothing for people that they can and should do for themselves.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Have a daily schedule of activities, avoiding whim and caprice.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Be merciful with yourself and others.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Have no expectations except to be fiercely tempted to your last breath.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Focus exclusively on God and light, and never on darkness, temptation and sin.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Endure the trial of yourself and your faults serenely, under God's mercy.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
When you fall, get up immediately and start over.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
Get help when you need it, without fear or shame.~Fr. Thomas Hopko
You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems.~James Clear
If you don't take risks you can't create a future.~Monkey D. Luffy
Decide the type of person you want to be. Prove it to yourself with small wins.~James Clear
Limiting your options now will expand your opportunities in the long run because you can remain focused enough to master something.~James Clear
Deficiencies of innate ability may be compensated for through persistant hard work and concentration. One must say that work substitutes for talent, or better yet that it creates talent.~Santiago Ramón y Cajal
What a wonderful stimulant it would be for the beginner if his instructor, instead of amazing and dismaying him with the sublimity of great past achievements,  would reveal instead the origin of each scientific discovery, the series of errors and missteps that preceded it--information that, from a human perspective, is essential to an accurate explanation of the discovery.~Santiago Ramón y Cajal
There are only two way sto live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is.~Albert Einstein
Shame is a grace that prepares us for the embrace of the Father, who always forgives and always forgives everything.~Pope Francis
I must change my life so that I can live it, not wait for it.~Susan Sontag
Make peace with yourself, and both heaven and earth will make peace with you.~St.Serpahim of Sarov
